docs(k8s): update docs (#2328)
scaleway/docs-content: containers/kubernetes/reference-content/version-support-policy.mdx

With Scaleway Kubernetes you can use the latest version of Kubernetes as soon as it is officially released and certified by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://www.cncf.io/). The versions are usually available in Kubernetes Kapsule and Kubernetes Kosmos within a few days after the release.

## Version management recommendation

> We recommended you keep your Kubernetes clusters up-to-date with the latest available minor version of Kubernetes and the latest patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you keep your Kubernetes clusters up-to-date with the latest available minor version of Kubernetes and the latest patches.
```
